Shen Guardian really came
Even I am not qualified to meet the president of Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce
How could he drive customers like the Li family?
Miss Li, this is my tens of billions investment in you
Please invite President Guo Mushen
This is really for the Li family
No this is an investment for you
Is it true?
Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce can take a fancy to this dead girl
God 100 pages
How much does that cost?
I think your life is too moist
How dare you ban me?
The family misunderstanding of Shen Zhiqiu's investment
Mr. Shen, we don't know either.
Would the Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce vote for a small workshop like the Li family?
Yes, is Shen Shoufu's form better than people?
We can't afford to offend that God of War
I can only offend your family and shut up.
You should apologize to Mr. Lu and Miss Li
Uh, Mr. Lu, Miss Li
Sorry, sorry.
Uh, we're willing to take out 1 billion Wuxi loan
It's our apology.
Well, I'm willing to give 40% of our group's shares
Mr. Lu, Miss Li
What do you think should be done?
Do you want them to disappear from the Zhonghai Chamber of Commerce?
You say